fix(core): do not update the opened document when change observed by the watcher (#6818)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/stupid-socks-visit.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed that `textDocument/codeAction` in LSP could response outdated text edits after the workspace watcher observed outdated changes to the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where `textDocument/codeAction` in the LSP could respond with outdated text edits after the workspace watcher observed outdated changes to the file.
```
